d:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\bin\Debug\Shortcuts.exe.config
d:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\bin\Debug\Shortcuts.exe
d:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\bin\Debug\Shortcuts.pdb
d:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\Shortcuts.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\Shortcuts_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\Shortcuts_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\Shortcuts.g.resources
d:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\Shortcuts.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\Shortcuts.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\Shortcuts.exe
d:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\Shortcuts.pdb
d:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Users\Joshua\Dropbox\Projects\C# & VB\scout\Tests\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\bin\Debug\Shortcuts.exe.config
D:\Users\Joshua\Dropbox\Projects\C# & VB\scout\Tests\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\Shortcuts.exe
D:\Users\Joshua\Dropbox\Projects\C# & VB\scout\Tests\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\Shortcuts.pdb
D:\Users\Joshua\Dropbox\Projects\C# & VB\scout\Tests\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\bin\Debug\Shortcuts.exe
D:\Users\Joshua\Dropbox\Projects\C# & VB\scout\Tests\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\bin\Debug\Shortcuts.pdb
D:\Users\Joshua\Dropbox\Projects\C# & VB\scout\Tests\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Users\Joshua\Dropbox\Projects\C# & VB\scout\Tests\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Users\Joshua\Dropbox\Projects\C# & VB\scout\Tests\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\Shortcuts.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\Joshua\Dropbox\Projects\C# & VB\scout\Tests\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\Users\Joshua\Dropbox\Projects\C# & VB\scout\Tests\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Users\Joshua\Dropbox\Projects\C# & VB\scout\Tests\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\Shortcuts_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Users\Joshua\Dropbox\Projects\C# & VB\scout\Tests\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\Shortcuts_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\Users\Joshua\Dropbox\Projects\C# & VB\scout\Tests\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\Users\Joshua\Dropbox\Projects\C# & VB\scout\Tests\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\Shortcuts.g.resources
D:\Users\Joshua\Dropbox\Projects\C# & VB\scout\Tests\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\Shortcuts.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Users\Joshua\Dropbox\Projects\C# & VB\scout\Tests\Shortcuts\Shortcuts\obj\Debug\Shortcuts.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
